Unique anonymous ID statistics tracking (#16710)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* NVDA will now report figures with no accessible children, but with a label or description. (#14514)
* When reading by line in browse mode, "caption" is no longer reported on each line of a long figure or table caption. (#14874)
* In the Python console, the last unexecuted command will no longer be lost when moving in the input history. (#16653, @CyrilleB79)

> * A unique anonymous ID is now sent as part of NVDA usage statistics gathering. (#16266)

Reviewer: Minor suggestion: Clarify that this is optional (could alternatively leave the start of the line the same and say "optional NVDA usage statistics gathering" at the end)

```suggestion
* An optional, unique, anonymous ID is now sent as part of NVDA usage statistics gathering. (#16266)

```

Author: ```suggestion
* A unique anonymous ID is now sent as part of optional NVDA usage statistics gathering. (#16266)
```
